So what, where did you get married?
When?
Where?
Oh where, in the Ramada.
What made you choose that place?
Accessibility and...
Yeah, they were very very helpful.
The reason we decided not to go, can you remember the reason we decided not to go with the registry
of us?
I can't have him.
It was because there was only £20 difference in getting married in the Ramada having everything
all under one roof and by the time you paid for taxis to get the chairs back into and
everybody because there was a couple of guests in wheelchairs as well and we just decided
in the end that it wasn't worth it.
That it was just easier to stay there the night before.
They were very very good, they came here because just before the wedding was when I lost my
care.
So a lot of people down to your suit and the wedding rings and even the Ramada themselves,
the flowers, they all came here.
The lady that did the invitations, so we had a lot of support from a lot of people.
Who helped you arrange all of these things?
My best friend Catherine.
But I was quite shocked on how much I did myself.
I surprised myself.
But it was also the companies that helped me get there because they were so supportive.
I contact them and they were really supportive and on board as well.